Release 28-05-2024 (#129)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: user-guide/monitoring/monitoring.md

##### Docker

For Docker distributions of Lisk Core navigate into the `docker` folder inside your Lisk Core installation:

```bash

> cd lisk_repo/docker # navigate into docker directory

Reviewer: This is unnecessary imo

license_key: 'XXXXXXXXX',
```

> After adding the license key, save your changes and exit the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding the license key, save your changes and reload your node.
```
